As tragic as what happened to Kirk, I fucking venerate and honor and respect him. And he will go down in glory as a man in the history of America at a time when things were dark, who is courageous enough to stand up and speak truth to power. Charlie Kirk is like like a white Martin Luther King Jr. You know, I mean, he literally is a martyr. He's an American hero. This was a cultural assassination, which is a hell of a step. And the number of people supporting it is just quite incredible. To be clear, like people that engage in this kind of violence are such fucking losers that they could never actualize any form of meaningful dialogue in any way to actually get attention in the same way that could have any substantial impact on the world. So this is this is their last thing that they do is like a child lashing out against a parent who says, go to your room. they engage in a hissy fit and a meltdown any father who's worth his salt saw the videos of kirk with his children and immediately realized that he was a great father he was a great husband he was a good man you know so i'm not willing to sit here and listen to that fucking bullshit from people or both sides this thing no this is a leftist ideology thing these people want you dead they want you erased like get this through your fucking head you as a straight white man in america The only thing standing between them and total domination of the entire world, a global slave system. OK, period. That's that. That's why you're the group that they hate the most. And if they want you to stop speaking, you need to speak 10 times louder. It's just that simple. Fuck these people. This idea of Bitcoin being the third way politically is really important because it's a disengagement through technology. in the most radical way of nonviolence. And more and more people are going to have to find a harbor here specifically because of what Bitcoin offers and how it technologically disables violence in this most direct form. They're going to want to kill you and they're going to want to take your shit. They are going to want your children to grow up without a father. We're still going to have to hold the line on this. like in 10 years no matter how bad it gets we need to be having the conversation and saying the same thing we are the middle path we are the path without violence we are the path where we just speak we explain it to people and we build the things that protect the people who want to keep going down this to actually making things better because there are way too many people today who just want to destroy what they don't like and they have no capacity to even try to build something good or do something this is the time for bravery it's the time for courage it's the time for more speech. It's the time to self-censor even less because it's too important. And it's, you know, it doesn't serve any of us to, you know, go with either side of extremist violent rhetoric. So I just, that's my sincere hope is that we all double down on America, deeply American principles and we do what needs to be done while also keeping our conscience intact and doing the right things. And intellectual cowardice is what defines them. They literally murdered a man over the fact that they couldn't actually stand up and debate him with merit. And it's truly terrifying because, like, this is where we're at now. Like, dialogue no longer is of service because these people aren't interested in dialogue. They're interested in shouting you down, calling you a racist, calling you a bigot. There is no both sides here. Those people have an ideology where they believe that if you say words they don't like, they're allowed to shoot you in the neck in front of your children your three-year-old can watch you bleed to death that's what they believe look at it straight in the face don't that's not the time for like oh hey man you know everybody's got some points shut the fuck up look at it look at it for what it is watch the videos of him dying you need to know you need to know what happened to mr kirk was horrific and tragic and it's uh it's really sad to see that that we've gotten to this place in the political discourse where people want to murder others simply because they have a difference of opinion and even more disturbing is people cheering it on you know like as much as you might have differences of opinions and ideas, like the entirety of, you know, there's a reason that the First Amendment is the first one. And it's because it's only with the freedom of speech and the ability to exercise those opinions, knowing that you can be safe doing that is sort of the substrate of the entirety of our modern society. And so, yeah, I just think as a father as well, it's pretty horrific to see a little girl who's going to have to grow up without her father now because some psychopath decided that they hated what he had to say enough to kill him so i mean i think the point you raise about the reaction is uh the key point you know even before we knew the um anything about the shooter or you know people were saying why did it happen it was it this was it that i mean the left obviously doesn't want to own this but they do they own this because no matter what the shooter's political ideologies his motivations were, which it seems clear that he was a leftist and this was a politically motivated assassination, an act of domestic terrorism.

So many on the left, mainstream people, nurses and teachers and people you work with were celebrating Kirk's murder and then laughing at it gleefully. And then those that weren't laughing at it were saying he brought it on himself for his words, for the things that he said. Many of them had false perceptions of who he was. They believed in a caricature of him that wasn't in any way, shape, or form who he really was. They were saying things that he never said, misattributing quotes to him. The left has actually been in a race to devalue him posthumously as a racist, as a sexist, as a bigot. he's a moderate. Everybody knows that. He's a middle-of-the-road conservative guy. Nick Fuentes said on his stream last night, he's part of the establishment. He is part of the establishment. He is a moderate Republican. There's no difference between him and your uncle who voted for Trump. So to celebrate his death is to celebrate the death of half the country, effectively. And it's a implicit admission from the left that they want, you know, people who think and believe like Charlie Kirk to die. And they think it's a good thing when people like Charlie Kirk die. And they believe that when right wingers do speech, it's violence. And that when the left wing does speech or does violence, it's speech. That's what they believe. and the reason that they've been saying that words are violence now for over a decade is so they can kill you with impunity for the things that you say when charlie kirk got shot it was like a direct attack on the first amendment it was like the first amendment got shot that's how visceral and brutal it was i wasn't even a fan of kirk's i had never seen a single hour of his podcast i had seen a scattering of clips online i was tangentially aware of him but i was not an avid listener, watcher, wouldn't consider myself a fan. I didn't like him or dislike him. But when I saw him get shot in the middle of speaking, it filled me with a sense of injustice that I can only begin to describe because this was a man who, no matter what his opinions and beliefs were, if his politics differed from your opinions and beliefs, he very clearly was a uniquely American force, uniquely American character. He, you know, believed in Jesus. He believed in God. He believed in the First Amendment. He believed in our country. He believed in a more perfect union. He died in the act of free speech, wearing a shirt that said freedom on it, that had blood from his neck. So to me, it's unequivocal that I'm not here to do whataboutism and both sides are bad or any of bullshit charlie kirk was an american hero and a patriot and a person who i think we need more of in this world we need more people who are willing to put it on the line i said on nostri right before i hopped on the stream i'll just close on this that like free speech is worth dying for so charlie kirk died a meaningful and admirable death engaged literally with a microphone in his hand because the act of free speech is so important and so inextricably linked to freedom itself that it is in fact worth dying for and i said i post this even knowing that if i was ever killed for things i said people would ironically you know the deranged and insane would dig it up and ironically mock me with it and i say it anyway feel free to mock me i knew the consequences when i said it that's how important of this it's one of the fucked up things i've seen is that the people being like well look he said he said that there would be casualties of gun violence so i guess he got his comeuppance and it's like you just you're you you really don't get it do you like that's not him getting his comeuppance it's actually like a a complete understanding of actually the risks that he was taking in speaking up in this way and also the potential repercussions that could come with that from a deranged fringe of people and it's i don't know it's it's it's it's sad and it's kind of fucking mind-blowing to see the response right now there's also like i mean obviously there are some some heartening responses but i feel like uh on the whole it just leads like i don't we just feel incredibly fucking divided right now eric the point you made about um you know the i think it was off camera but like you just said you know that basically like leftists believe in the collective more than the you know nuclear family and i've seen i've seen takes online that were like you know uh people saying how horrible it was that people were celebrating his death and then you know these you know deranged leftists saying that uh it's good that his children are going to grow up without a father because at least they won't have a father that believes that uh But their daughter who's raped should carry her child, the rapist child to term, you know, because he doesn't believe in abortion because he's a Christian.

And it just I couldn't, you know, there's not a more evil or despicable as a young father. There's not a more evil or despicable sentiment to me that if, you know, basically what they're saying is like, if you hold incorrect beliefs, if you hold the beliefs that we do not agree with. okay we will erase you so that you are no longer able to protect and guide your children and then we will do whatever we want with your children and every young father that sees i think the re i think the people hardest most affected by this are young fathers millennial age males who have children um i cried the last like two days like on and off like multiple times every time i saw a video of his kids i just thought about myself and my own kids and like if i wasn't there to protect them and how evil and despicable it is, you know, to, to basically say that like these children are better off growing up without their father. Any father who's worth his salt saw the videos of Kirk with his children and immediately realized that he was a great father. He was a great husband. He was a good man, you know? So I'm not willing to sit here and listen to that fucking bullshit from people or both sides of this thing. No, this is a leftist ideology thing. These people want you dead. They want you erased. Get this through your fucking head. You as a straight white man in America are the only thing standing between them and total domination of the entire world. A global slave system. Okay? Period. That's why you're the group that they hate the most. And if they want you to stop speaking, you need to speak ten times louder. It's just that simple. Fuck these people. I think they qualify the fact that you use the word evil and I think a lot of people can be like whoa I don't know pure evil it is and it's evil because of the banality of it and that when you ask people to actually self reflect on like you're celebrating this man who was murdered who's a father who no one can be there for his child and even within that it seems like they're incapable of self reflecting and actually going whoa okay yeah actually maybe this isn't a direction we want to go and the sad truth is is that like it this um it's very interesting that i i have a hard time seeing how turning point usa does not become quite reactionary in this and like it i have a strong feeling that what ends up happening is now they become much more uh that the the dialogue is going to push harder and stronger and be more evocative and when responses come up to that evocation like this strikes me as it goes in a brown shirts direction where they're going to be like we posse up now when people come in and start agitating towards us we don't start violence but we end the violence and like now this is just going to beget a lot of dangerous problems that really just kind of scares me for the future of our country because like it it seems pretty clear that uh we are in a we mire moment and that the government is actually incapable or uh even worse is like they're actually enabling these forms of violence and that and that's when people start to realize like oh we have to step outside of the system to protect ourselves because uh this this purported system of government that's supposed to protect us won't man i'll tell you the the biggest thing for me has just been because I had a rough day just like hey bud give me a few more minutes kid I'll be out I know I know like that just like his kids are basically the same age as mine yep that's been dark thinking about that and just fucking seeing it. But what gets me is that people that I know, like people I used to call friends, I made the mistake of going on Facebook for a little while, and they all had to caveat with this, oh, violence is never the answer, but he had it coming. when you support hate and vitriol and then sharing these fucking memes that are the most banal idiotic, like how can you be so vapid as to think that when somebody has a quote that's a full two sentences and the quotation is around one fucking word, like that's not a quote, you moron. that's not a quote that somebody has in has put in their interpretation as to what he said and he quoted they quoted evil or bad and then followed it by black people and like like all of this like i mean i mean like like do you not know the the thing that gets me is the unbelievable intellectual cowardice. Yeah. Like the inability to just wonder if maybe you're wrong about it. In fact, I'm considering going back up there and offering a thousand dollars to anybody who can find me a segment, not a half a word out of context, not one sentence clipped from some thing where he's like kind of mad, but a segment in which he argues that black people shouldn't have rights that jewish people ruined all the banking in the country and like just just give me like prove your memes prove the things that you're using to say that this guy because you're you're not actually there to be against violence because it the whole post just ends up being about like why gun we should have been doing gun control and why charlie kirk is a horrible person for not convincing everyone to do gun control and that he's the consequence of it and Never, never is there even the slightest intellectual integrity to actually argue with the point. To argue with the point. And it's because they're mentally pathetic. It's because they're absolutely weak. They cannot stand up against a real argument. They don't even know how to define the premise of what they believe. If you ask them what a woman is, they fall apart every time. This is based to have you even thought about this as it gets. And I mean, that intellectual cowardice is what defines them. They literally murdered a man over the fact that they couldn't actually stand up and debate him with merits. And it's truly terrifying because like this, like this is where we're at now. like dialogue no longer is of service because these people aren't interested in dialogue they're interested in shouting you down calling you a racist calling you a bigot and and and the most fascinating thing in all of this is is that the the absolute hypocrisy that goes into that and and again the banality of that like there's not enough awareness that they have to stop and self-reflect enough to go whoa hang on maybe maybe we can have a sincere intellectual debate maybe maybe we can just agree to disagree and but like it it seems that that's unavailable now and it's it's also scary with us all being public figures that talk about things that could be construed as right-wing leaning in addition to the fact of that like you know we we are actually public figures sort of in the same area definitely not nearly as prominent or popular but like it is scary to consider that there are people out there who probably hate us for the dialogues that we have with each other by the way not to make it explicitly about us but like i want to caution i want to caution bitcoiners if you're siding with this leftist bullshit right now i want you to think about very seriously i want you to think about what i'm about to say i want you to think about a world in which bitcoin is at 10 million dollars a coin these people are going to hate you these people that you know friends family neighbors who you're making peace and compromise with who you're complacent in your relationships with they're going to hate you they're going to want to kill you and they're going to want to take your shit they are going to want your children to grow up without a father so think about that i'm not telling you to like they're going to be happy if they get that way. I'm not telling you. They're going to be happy about it. Yeah, I'm not telling you to destroy relationships, but I'm saying to be very critical and keep an eye on who you have around you and how they respond to things like this. It tells you a lot about who they are. I made a mistake of going on Facebook as well. That was a terrible mistake to make because I just, I saw people that I've known since I was a child, and I haven't been on Facebook when we preface this in maybe five years. just have just kind of stop that right it was getting a little yeah i'm about one a year i'm about one a year occasionally i'll check my wife's like it's so and so's birthday and i'm like shit i forgot is she right and then i'll go on there like it's basically just a birthday app now but i went on there and i just i saw some stuff where i was just like man you like a number of people you realize just people do not actually think deeply in any meaningful capacity and truly And the weird thing is that I saw some people talk about like, oh, if you're if you're mourning Charlie Kirk or if you are posting, you know, rest in peace messages, you're just a sheep. I saw somebody say this and I was just like, the irony, of course, is that you, sir, are the sheep. Like you are the one who is, in fact, behaving like a sheep. You are literally just believing everything you are told without actually having an ounce of real evidence to support it. You clearly haven't watched anything the guys ever said. Like you don't have to agree with all of his policy positions or anything like that. But, you know, to basically be chastising people for mourning the death of somebody like this who was shot while engaging in open debate on a college campus, which like if that's not the American ideal of free speech, I don't know what is like open debate on a college campus. Right. That's what it should be to be shot and killed, to be assassinated in that setting. if you're chastising somebody for mourning that person's death how can you possibly think you're on the right side of history in this I don't know I mean like this keeps bringing us back to the point of that like this is what our dent brought up in Eichmann in Jerusalem about the banality of evil like the question has nothing to do with them like they're literally vacant and unavailable to think about it which is definitive of how they are so the question is what do we do in response to it and the real important thing is is is we don't callow away from it it's important to continue to speak freely and openly it's important to continue to push the same points that charlie was pushing forward because they're really important and we can also see the very real impact that he had like he he probably is single-handedly responsible for helping push the youth back in a direction towards conservatism being something that actually exists on college campuses because he was willing to be courageous in his approach and in his faith and saying, I'm going to go try to spread the word of Jesus and other ideas that I think are really important for young people to have. And if you watch clips of him, even when he encounters people that are angry or hateful towards him, he usually tries to bring it back to a pretty compassionate place. And from all the clips I've seen, like it doesn't, there seems to be a great degree of modernism that like um i'm just really afraid that people are going to shy away from that and i just really want to say that like we we have a responsibility to continue these conversations and we have a responsibility to make sure that if you do have people that you would call friends that are celebrating this is it's to really full stop and like ask them to be like are you serious are you actually serious and that you're celebrating the murder of somebody because he was trying to have open dialogue with other people because you don't like him because like i really want to get down to the baseline with you because like if that's true and that's who you are you really probably should take some time to self-reflect so i want to know if anybody on the left was assassinated if you saw people on the right celebrating it like are are how are you going to feel about that maybe that's a bad example but i don't know this is no there's been There's been some bullshit whataboutism lately on both sides. And it's like I want you to run this thought experiment for a second. Think about if Chank Younger was assassinated. Chank Younger is the left-wing equivalent of Charlie Kirk. I would say I would actually – what's Chank's – because I was actually thinking the same thing as far as like an analogy. Is Chank's following as big as Charlie Kirk? Because I would think it was Chank in mentality is that he's actually willing to speak to people on the right. and literally a level of popularity similar to AOC. So, Chank's influence, I would say, 10 years ago was about the same as Charlie Kirk's. I don't know if his influence is quite as high as it used to be, but just consider for a fact that if he was killed by some crazy person, how the right wing would respond. You know how they would respond. The vast majority of people, 90-plus percent of good, normal, decent people, would think it was horrible. They would think it says something horrible about the state of the country. they would want to have a conversation about it there would be 10 just to be straight up there would be 10 of racists who say something like good a brown guy got it fuck him he doesn't deserve to be he's not a real american anyway shit like that and then good normal decent people would shout them down and say what the fuck is wrong with you this man died blah blah blah that would be the actual reaction it would not be this sickening evil godless reaction that's happening on the left wing and there is no both sides here those people have an ideology where they believe that if you say words they don like they allowed to shoot you in the neck in front of your children Your three-year-old can watch you bleed to death. That's what they believe. Look at it straight in the face. That's not the time for like, oh, hey, man, you know, everybody's got some points. Shut the fuck up. Look at it. Look at it for what it is. Watch the videos of him dying. You need to know. You need to know. There was a survey done that said 55 percent, 55 percent of those on the left felt it was reasonably justified to murder Trump or Elon Musk. Fifty five percent. I have to admit, I knew somebody who when I when I brought this up with them, they like their immediate response is like, well, like, why wasn't it Trump? And I was just like, oh. the fact that that's what you jump to like yeah I was just like I was like I yeah I just felt pretty disgusted I don't think we can downplay the media here either no the media is complicit 100% like I think this is their dying breath because their entire format is dying and they need rage they need people afraid they need people panicking and watching the news because they are losing viewership and I think that's a really important something that's really important to remember in the age of like social media outrage algorithms and a dying media that wants to stay relevant is that there are so many people who would profit the more the right or anybody who is not the left anybody who sees the left as the insanity that it has genuinely become because you don't have to be on the right. In fact, there's a million centrists and modernists and libertarians and anarchists and every other damn thing under the sun who are like, what the fuck are those people doing over there? And looking at that to not play into the bait, like violence is how they thrive. They want this to become violent because that's the only – because they can't talk. They can't defend their stance. So if we are talking, that's why they're so damn mad is because they are they have an indefensible viewpoint, one that they hold with this level of belligerence and like self-entitled arrogance that their opinion, they're so uncomfortable with dealing with the mental gymnastics of trying to hold their belief together. when you ask basic questions that they will literally sacrifice they literally value holding on to their vapid ass opinion more than someone else's life that is how little they care about other people and it's no coincidence that every single every single thing about their ideology is about me it's about me me me who am i you know what what is i my identity is all these a bunch of arbitrary characteristics. I'm a white person. I'm a black person. I'm a, I'm, I, this is where I stick my dick. And that's what identifies who I am as a person. Like, it's just, it's all about like extreme focus. It's like, whatever, this is not, this is not even a baby. I'm just going to kill it. And like, I don't even have, I never even had super strong opinions about a lot of these things, but all I can think is that I know that opinion has to be wrong because I see the people who hold it and how they actually react to things in the world. I think who, who thinks that that's a set of values that's even ever going to be aligned with life or harmony or peace in any long-term time frame how did how are they deluded into thinking that this is any sort of a positive they're angry and hateful you can't have basic conversations with them and it's wild how many people like intelligent otherwise nice people have like i've lost family members that cannot have a sensible conversation and I do everything to build bridges to try to get through them through to them but I just it's just it's incredible how bad it's gotten and it's being there are so many people profiting from it and there are so many people and institutions that would love it if it keeps going and would love it and would make an absolute fortune if it got worse and I think that's what is important that we don't do that we don't react in the way that keeps this system make them irrelevant make them irrelevant don't give them the fuel Cason you were going to say something? I was just thinking about it it's really interesting that like part of their ideological world view is that like language itself has these features of violence and like that that's specifically because through debate you can deconstruct their worldview which like kills them right like it is literally violent towards their fragile ideas and so when you can verbally obliterate yeah so when you can verbally obliterate that it makes sense that they go oh well that's a form of violence towards me so in response like I can actually implement physical violence because these things are the same. And there's, there was a great clip of Kirk talking with someone where she was like, Oh, well, you're using violent words. And he was like, no, like words can't be violent. And she was like, well, it makes me feel, he was like, I don't care at all about your feeling. Your feelings have nothing to do with what we're talking about. And that's my entire point. And then they're like, well, well, that, that makes me really angry. And he was like, yeah, again, like, that's all about you. like i have nothing to do with that we we all this this is where we're at is that we there are people that are huge fucking babies that when you say things that offend them enough they want to actually get violent about it they believe they should and can get violent about it and this is this is a truly scary place to be in because now this whole collective of people seem to be agreeing with each other about using that capacity to inflict harm on others that they don't believe it that that don't have the same belief systems as them and like this this very quickly gets us to a very dangerous place and also like i don't really think the left understands how much they're like poking a bear that like they they cannot stand up to like we we haven't they like to call trump a fascist but like this country has not seen anything remotely fascist yet and they may very well get to see it now because of the way that it's becoming clear that the government and and also the republican party is not going to protect people on the right and this really opens up a space for a real fascist movement to rise up and go yeah you should collect the vise with us because when people threaten you we're going to go to their house and burn it the fuck down when we go out and talk bad shit's going to happen to people that threaten us let me say this about what eric just said too is that the left and the right have fundamentally completely different uh views on violence. The left believes that violence is like a volume knob that they can turn up and down. They can have it at a low level where it's, you know, street beatings. I mean, you can't wear a MAGA hat in any American city without getting punched in the face. That's a low level of political violence every day in your life that serves the left. The anarcho-tyranny of your life, that also serves the left. And, you know, that basically, like, the police are powerless to help you, but they're not powerless to harm you, right? That you're like, you're if you're living in a blue city, you're going to be constant like carjackings, muggings, theft, robbery, kidnapping, burglar, everything like and you have to deal with that shit, chronic homelessness, the problems that those people cause. That's a form of violence that you have to deal with every day in your life. And they believe that violence is like a volume knob that they can turn all the way up, they keep it at a low level when it serves them. And when they need it, they turn it up to political assassinations, bombings etc in order to serve their purposes it's it's on purpose okay and the radicals on the streets the the antifa members the lone wolves they work hand in glove with the moderates the moderates create this environment they create this you know the ivory tower liberals they create this sort of like justification for the morality of murder in a political sense and then they're happy when one of their foot soldiers on the ground goes and does it and because they're cowards they don't have to subject themselves to any of the risk and they have a diffusion of responsibility there okay that's the way the left views violence the way the right views violence is the way eric is describing which is it's a switch and it's either off or it's kill everyone those are the only two positions on the right wing switch okay so when you fuck with them consistently you have no idea the danger that you're in that you're fucking with it is not a smart thing to do none of us want either of these outcomes. This is what it is to be a sane, good, normal, decent person in American life today. I do not want to see right wing retributed political violence on a mass scale. I also do not want to live through political assassinations and bombings from the left. Unfortunately, we may be hurtling into a world in which both scenarios are on the table. Somebody said to me the other day about Fuentes. I tuned into Fuentes' live stream the other day. I've never watched it in my life, but it felt important to watch it last night because I realized that the right wing was going to be pushed further right and they were going to be pushed charlie kirk's audience was going to be pushed into the hands of nick funter so i tuned in and i listened to everything he had to say which surprisingly was very non-violent it was i was i was surprised and actually i you know it was pleasantly surprising that he was basically calling for no violence and he was saying you know we shouldn't do anything so that was nice but i tuned in and i was thinking the energy here that's happening here is going to be, you know, potentially what shapes our world over the next 20 years. And I was talking to a friend about it, and he said, you know what Fuentes is? And I go, no, what? And he goes, it's Bitcoin for people who don't understand Bitcoin. People, they have an enemy, the Jews. We have an enemy, central banks, right? Fiat currency. The Jews have Israel, right? And you can now easily, in a Girardian sense, scapegoat your problems without understanding economics. And they have a form of economic populism on the right, which they are actually a form of national socialist in the sense that, like, Fuentes and others are saying things like, you know, I'm okay with giving away health care to these people. You know, I want the country back. I want the country to be a white, Christian nationalist country, etc. Right? And he's picking up steam, especially after the murder and assassination of Charlie Kirk, because unfortunately, the problem is, I'm watching this all unfold in real time, that young conservatives are looking at this and they're saying the debate's over there's nothing to talk about with these people anymore yeah people are demons these people are ghouls these people will kill us right and i do i'm hopeful that um you know a thousand charlie kirks are going to rise up in his place and do even more campus debate because that is what needs to happen right rather than retributed political violence we should it i i agree with what eric said earlier like this is the time for bravery it's the time for courage it's the time for more speech it's the time to self-censor even less because it's too important and it's you know it doesn't serve any of us to you know go with either side of extremist violent rhetoric so i just that's my sincere hope is that we all double down on america deeply american principles and we do what needs to be done while also keeping our conscience intact and doing the right things you know gerard and i think that's actually super important for folks who don't know Rene Girard and like, well, what is the, the history of things hidden since the start of the world or whatever the foundation world. Thank you. But the primary thesis there being that this scapegoat mechanism exists throughout all of history. And the, I mean, it's, I mean, it's a very long read for folks. I'm very much summarizing at a high level, but I, this, this is actually that exact thesis playing out. I had, I had a thesis when Trump's assassination failed, that this was actually the creation of a living martyr, which was kind of like along with Gerard's themes, like the creation of a living martyr would actually kind of change that paradigm a little bit. But somehow this feels more, this actually feels more impactful than the Trump assassination attempt. And I know it shouldn't because Trump was like, you know, he's former and current president of the United States. That should be more impactful. But for some reason, this feels more meaningful. And like this was, there was there was a change here. This was a turning point. This was a, you know, the tipping point, whatever you want to call it. I don't know if that's just me, but it's somehow crazily feels like this matters more than the attempted assassination of President Trump. And that's hard to grapple with. Because there's something that changed. We all feel it, right? Everyone feels it. Something just changed. and i don't think we can ever i don't think we can go back i don't know i i i would say that the reason because i i kind of agree with you and it's not just because you know trump didn't get assassinated and kirk did um and you know actually on the point that hodl made for not going down either of those two paths which worry me a hell of a lot too is like i don't know that much about charlie charlie kirk i've probably watched as much video in the last two days of charlie kirk as i've watched in the last year um and but for what i do know and have watched of him i feel like i it would be obvious as to that that would be his response too is it like don't let this become violence like i have literally been here like this is the whole that's his whole mission was to go there so that things didn't become violent that's the point of debate because as soon as you're not talking violence is the only thing left um uh but uh one of the things that you know actually hold you also mentioned the whole like this is not you know once or this is not both sides or whatever this is one-sided you know i had this thought it was like how how do how is it the people that I know like literally cannot see the vast chasm between the two situations like the two sides like even as someone who again I do not consider myself on the right and I find myself inevitably impossible to not associate with them because I know that I can't say anything without like simple opinions or simple differences of opinion that I can viciously argue with people on the right about, about war, about everything going on in Israel and Gaza and Iran. I can argue with Republicans and the right all day. I can't, you can't argue with most of the people on the left. You cannot have a conversation with them. And so I find it inevitable that it's the only space that I can, I can, I can actually be with someone that I don't agree with. And we literally not be at each other's throats um but i i had this thought that you know if this was flipped the other way around if there had been two attempted assassinations that failed on biden and then chink or aoc or some like huge name for the left that was very close and known by a lot of people was literally assassinated while talking to some like while trying to build bridges to people on the right and it was somebody with a MAGA hat or whatever we would be counting the billions of dollars in damage done over the next three days in this country there would be riots everywhere we would be count we would be going through a body count of the number of people who had been indiscriminately killed in the streets, wore MAGA hats or just happened to be the wrong skin color. And anybody who's literally still got a couple of brain cells worth of honesty knows that's 100% true. That's 100% true because they just turned that knob up, that knob that they always have running. There's always this like simple, like violence is always there. It's just about how much they're doing at any one point in time. it's interesting because this makes me think a lot about the uh that like the core philosophical principles like are really at play here and that like the left fundamentally does not believe in the right to private property and that like it's only and like that makes violence okay because like if you can't own private property you can destroy people's stuff like that allows for you this play on the knob whereas when you have the black and white like you you can own property and And that is a core principle of what we have. Because I was just thinking, it is pretty fascinating that, yeah, if someone on the left or was left representative murdered, very similar to George Floyd, there absolutely would be massive protests going on. Whereas I don't think I've heard of protests going on for Kirk, perhaps vigils, but those. oh the you know so the thing here this is why my message earlier was that bitcoiners need to keep their eyes open and be aware is because you know bitcoin is is property i mean we spend all this time on these podcasts talking about how it's the greatest form of property ever ever created by man and what a beautiful invention is and how many things it can it can fix and help shape um but at the core of it, you know, it is wealth, it is money, it is property. And you have millions of people in America and in Europe who want to kill you and take your property and then have the state raise your children. Okay, those people are your enemy. Here and simple. Those people are anti-freedom. They are anti-human. They are anti-capitalist. They're all of those things. And I'm not going to sit here and make a retributive call for political violence in either way, shape or form, like I said earlier. And I think that's also core to the message is like that is what we are doing as Bitcoiners. We are freedom maximalists. We are free speech maximalists. We believe that everybody on earth has the right to the most pristine capital ever formed. We believe in a multiracial, multiethnic, multinational, multigeographic coalition of freedom-minded individuals. I think we are a third path between, oh, my light died. I think we are a third path between the, you know, nihilism of fascism and the nihilism of communism. We are the rational optimism, optimistic path. We are rational optimism. We are occupying the moral high ground. So it's important that we get out there and we speak truth to power. We continue to try and help people. We continue to try and onboard people to Bitcoin. We continue to show them the path to a better, more prosperous future and life for themselves and their family and their loved ones. Because the more people that have abundance, the less they're going to want to take it from us, number one, and the better world it will be for us and our children to inhabit. That's my sincere hope. I think that's one of the things that we as a Bitcoin community can take from this is that we don't have to accept this bullshit left-right paradigm, which is fundamentally like we can speak truths here on this podcast and we can't speak in other places so like let's just say it fundamentally that's an argument over who gets access to the money printer and who gets to use it on which groups all white people deserve it oh uh lefties deserve it minorities deserve it the underprivileged deserve it you know people that are in my country etc etc like the money printer is bullshit we're not here to take part in the game we're bringing a new game to the table and we think our game is better for not only Americans, but for everyone across the entire planet. That's why, you know, like there's a thought in the back of your mind when a man gets killed for free speech and you speak for a living, like Eric was saying earlier, and you're a public figure and you think to yourself, maybe I shouldn't go on this podcast. Maybe I shouldn't fucking say what I want to say. And then you think to yourself, oh, fuck that. I'm going to ratchet it up to 11 because I am unwilling to live in a world like Charlie Kirk died doing what he believed in, trying to create a better world for his children. That is so crucially important. I had a friend, I was having a conversation with him, and he said to me, at a certain point when you're a parent, you have to say, I'm going to protect my children, and I can't put my neck out there like that. No pun intended about the neck situation. You can't risk your life in that way. And Charlie Crook obviously is a person who's had death threats as a public individual, and he knew the risk every time he stepped onto a stage, and he did it fucking anyway because the principle is more important. this thing that we're involved in this bitcoin shit it's bigger than all of us it's bigger than our personal wealth it's bigger than our personal fortunes it's bigger than this fucking podcast it's bigger than what fucking implementation you run core knots people uh it's bigger than everything okay it's so goddamn important and if somebody kills me or you or any one of us in service of that the mission goes on because this thing is it's inevitable and it can save the world. I don't care how corny that sounds. We are saving the world here. That's what the fuck we're going to do. And you don't have to join up with either side of crazy individuals. You can walk the middle path. You can be a rational optimist. You can have a good life. You can fix the world. Dude, it's, uh, I'm glad that you said that because also that's going to go in the, uh, the hoddle rants hall of fame. But I came into this conversation with the plan that I would steer it away from bitcoin like you know let's just talk about the let's talk about the other stuff let's talk about the other stuff besides bitcoin let's not bring bitcoin into and then i realized as i was as i was just kind of like thinking about things beforehand and i've realized i can't i can't do that because it's actually inextricably linked and mallard's had a really good basically a vlog on x today he essentially was talking about and paraphrasing here, but that the story of humanity is engineering a better world. And that Bitcoin is this moral alternative. It's a peaceful revolution. It's the nonviolent revolution. He called it, which I thought was beautiful, an open source exit. And that it gives you real property rights, real freedom, real freedom of speech, real privacy. These things are very real. And again, I thought going in, I'm like, maybe I'll try to keep this more on the quote, political side or whatever but then but there is no quote political side the money is the political the money is actually the most political it's at the bedrock of the political it necessarily is political not partisan not partisan but political and i think it's it's it's become such a meme at this point you know fix the money fix the world that it sounds reductionist or it sounds somehow glib it sounds like we're trying to have a little tongue-in-cheek joke but it's not a joke at all And I think everybody here believes this very deeply that, yes, that actually is at the core of this, because the political solution, if the political solution worked, the political solution would have worked. But it doesn't. So it hasn't. So what what is the solution then? What how do you actually come back from this? How do you actually fix this? Because people left unchecked, this is going to lead to a lot more violence, not from any one person's fault, but just because of the collective psychosis that people are going through. It's also going to lead to a greater centralization of power in the state because these kinds of things and the things that will come after this are used to centralize more power. Tragedies are used. Look at the Patriot Act. Look at all the surveillance state that we've been living under. Since yesterday was 9-11, since that horrible, horrible tragedy, that loss of so much human life. And look at all the human life that was lost as a result of that under false pretenses. But it all comes, it eventually all does come back to the base layer, right? It does come back to the money. It comes back to the incentives and the incentives for the centralization of power and the ability to do so because you control the money printer I want to say I actually have to bounce here in just a second But I want to say a couple of things real quick is one how Bitcoin fits into this is culture Politics is downstream from culture, but then politics also feeds back on culture. And that feedback mechanism is a thousand times worse when there's this infinite system of fraud to manipulate and move economic resources. And that is ultimately what the money printer is, what the issuance and control of the monetary system means. It means that whatever their political agenda or ideology is can essentially be infinitely funded. And that it will always, no matter how attempted it can possibly be to be objective or separate, it will always fuel the systems and the ideologies and the thinkers that reinforce its power and reinforce its structure and its views more than any other. And that's inevitable. It's not possible for it not to happen that way because if it gets one unit more powerful, it's literally – it is a system of maintaining order. The more powerful it gets, the easier it is to basically cycle its power back through, to manipulate the universities and how they teach people, to push political agendas and NGO fund every stupid, like clearly political agenda that they could ever have. And what Bitcoin does ultimately completely change the culture and create people who are so intellectually lazy that they can't even handle their identity – like somebody asking them basic questions about their identity and like what they even – how they even want to argue their belief system. And this education system just fails us so miserably that people leave – like they're so uneducated. they are told to memorize a whole bunch of stuff and not one second do they actually have any learning about how to be about how to actually think about actually having their ideas challenged like that's what you should have from the outset that's the only thing that matters because the world is always going to challenge your ideas reality is always going to punch you in the face when you believe something even slightly incorrect and I think the reason that this particular instance, Charlie Kirk in particular, feels so different than something like Trump is because politics had always been a game of power. And there's always this like inherent unspoken violence as a part of it. You know, there's political assassinations through history. Of course you assassinate the president. The president is super powerful. this was a purely cultural and ideological assassination like purely there was no other reason to kill him other than the fact that he was effective and explicitly because what he believed and then a whole bunch of people that believe what the killer believed were 100% okay with the fact that that ideological cultural killing just occurred and Bitcoin is a desperate slow, slow attempt it's going to take a really really long time to break that feedback loop of politics cycling back in and poisoning the mind of another generation which feeds it back into politics and makes it more powerful and more corrupt and this turning point of the cultural change is why I think it's so powerful like I've come to realize more and more that culture is everything and the fact that Bitcoin has an immense impact on culture and like how you think about things is increasingly one of its most important pieces, like one of its most important characteristics in my mind.

And there is actually hope. But I maybe I warn it's probably going to take a really, really long time. And it's going to mean that we have to put up with a lot of stuff. We're probably going to have to deal with a whole lot of sad stories. and we're still going to have to hold the line on this. Like in 10 years, no matter how bad it gets, we need to be having the conversation and saying the same thing. We are the middle path. We are the path without violence. We are the path where we just speak. We explain it to people and we build the things that protect the people who want to keep going down this to actually making things better because there are way too many people today who just want to destroy what they don't like and they have no capacity to even try to build something good or do something good. And then the very last thing, sorry, I just saved this and found this the other day because it's also important to be, you know, hold on. You said be careful and think about that there are people in your life that might be. Be careful of anybody who's talking about how great of a thing that just happened. but this is quote the suspect's high school friend says Robinson was the only leftist in a family of very hard Republicans and it's Anna Betts posted this in a phone interview on Friday one of Tyler Robinson's high school friends who asked to remain anonymous said that the suspect was quote pretty left on everything and was quote the only member of his family that was really leftist the rest of his family was very hard Republican the friend said around sophomore year the friend said Robinson became more extreme and his political views and would always just be ranting and arguing about them. The friend said that they played video games together a lot in high school and noted that the bullet engraving with the arrows was a reference to Helldivers 2, which he mentioned earlier. He said that the arrows specifically were in reference to, quote, calling in a big bomb that exists in the game called the 500 kilogram. When the friend saw the news on Friday, he said he was shocked. I knew Robinson had strong political views, but I never thought it would ever go near that far. but the obvious you know obvious thing is very obvious but I bring that up and what's frightening a little bit about that to me is I actually kind of have a family member not super close family member but closer than I would like family member who I wouldn't put past like really really wanting to do something like that the one saving grace is I'm not sure he's motivated or competent enough to do it but so he is a leftist so he's a leftist but the amount of hate But the amount of hate that like basically everybody else in the family, brothers and sisters and everything have had to block him because they can't speak to him. Like it is literally impossible to have a conversation. And I have always tried to build bridges and be nice and not talk politics whenever I see him. But he sent me some crazed message about how my mother, because it was something about someone was pepper sprayed and beaten and that my mother deserved it too because it was Trump's fault and she supported Trump. And I was just like, I haven't been on Facebook in like a year, dude. What do you think me coming back to this message feels like? And I just, like the amount of radicalization in this is like, there is a whole group of, and I don't know how you come back from this. I don't, it's going to be hard as shit to build the bridges. It's going to be hard as shit because I don't know how they come back. I don't think he ever comes back I wonder if it's just wait for them to be gone it's just enough time passes that they don't have the capacity to do the damage because you have to get the young people to actually be peaceful and actually be competent and intellectually sound enough to have a debate which is again why I actually can have a conversation with people on the right who I disagree with vehemently on so many issues but I can talk to them about it and sometimes it's even fun I do not feel that way on the other side and I think there's a clear this was a cultural assassination which is a hell of a step and the number of people supporting it is just quite incredible fucking a guy guys you need to dip by the way go be yeah go I love when guy is here because it sounds like a real podcast it sounds like a real podcast because the guy's voice not like just me and Eric be like fucking dude fucking shit dude that guy By the way, have you heard of Heidegger? He would have had some thoughts on this.

Love you guys. I'm glad we could say that. Be well. Much love. Later, guys. Stay around. I don't know. It's crazy that we're at this point in time where something that should be obviously easy to denounce as bad is not unilaterally denounced as bad. That's just how bad it really is. I would say it was barely denounced. It was lip service at best. You're right. I mean, like, yeah, it's like, no, no, come on. It was fringe. It was fringe to denounce it. That was what was fringe. The mainstream thing was to say he deserved it. the slightly less mainstream the slightly less mainstream thing was to celebrate it and the fringe thing was to denounce it so that's how bad i mean i have to i have to admit that uh this idea of bitcoin being the third way politically is really important because it's a disengagement through technology in the most radical way of nonviolence. And more and more people are going to have to find a harbor here specifically because of what Bitcoin offers and how it technologically disables violence in this most direct form. In addition to that, like. It's probably time that Bitcoiners organize themselves in a meaningful way as this third way. And that impels a lot of things, but I think it's really important that we have lost our country to the socialists, whether it's the international socialists on the left or the national socialists on the right. This is going to become a deeply alarming problem. The fact that Fuentes is now shoved into the spotlight as the leading youth right wing figure is problematic on a number of levels. And I don't see how this does not continue to escalate. And I think it's very important that we essentially have a radical third party that says both of these parties are insane. Both want to use the printing press to enrich their class and deprive the other classes. And we want to simply end this. And it's time that we actually seize power and return America to its core principles. I don't know what that means exactly, but I think it's really important that we continue to push on this lever in both directions. I think it's abhorrent and disgusting what the left has been doing. I don't want to redeem or accuse the right from things that the left would necessarily be critical of that I don't agree with. But I do, I can, I can understand why they would have that perspective. But either way about it, like this is, this is pretty terrifying. And I'm pretty sure that this is like the full initiation of the official beginning of the fourth turning and the frank truth is is like i expect someone to try to murder fuentes in the next six months they already did they already did they already tried to murder him you know they'll try again he'll face several assassination attempts by the way oh go ahead sorry i cut in your point i was just gonna say like like the weird conspiracy theory aspect of me is pretty afraid that uh through hypermedia and social media and the amount of doom scrolling like i'm i'm very afraid that like there's just a fuck ton of manchurian candidates out there that are just waiting for triggers and that like this is one of the bigger triggers is like them getting to see somebody be murdered it becoming this catalyzing thing and like to be clear like people that engage in this kind of violence are such fucking losers that they could never actualize any form of meaningful dialogue in any way to actually get attention in the same way that could have any substantial impact on the world. So this is their last thing that they do. It's like a child lashing out against a parent who says, go to your room. They engage in a hissy fit and a meltdown where what ends up happening is that violence is the only thing that they can do because they literally lack the intellectual capacity to manage their emotions. And so I think there's a lot of people out there secretly going, yeah, like I should kill some right-wing influencer because look at how this person celebrated. They're probably going to receive a eulogy at their funeral that they're going to be seen as a spectacular matriarch of the left and as someone who is courageous enough to meet the violent rhetoric of individuals like Kirk with the true violence of what our principles represent and that we can't let this hate speech exist. we have to literally and figuratively murder it. And I think that it's going to get problematic. And I think like, it's just really stupid. It's like, I just don't get it. Like you're aggravating the side that has all of the guns and is trained in them and understands how to use them. And like, furthermore, like your people aren't physically strong. I don't. It's like really weird to me that you want to pick a fight with this division of people. And yeah, I'm just I'm sad and scared. You know, it's just it's just it's really painful that like this. This is how debased everything has become instead of people going, hold up. Like, we're both American. We both honor the Constitution and what it means. Like, let's calm the fuck down for a minute and really think about who and what we want to be. so think about this for a second on one point of eric's is um there was a video going around yesterday of somebody who turned out not to be a shooter and i was reserving judgment on this person when i saw the video because i was like who knows if they're the shooter or not so i didn't race to anger at this person or anything but i was thinking about it when i was seeing accounts say hey it might be this person i'm not going to name them or anything because it's not them, so no reason to dox them or anything. But I was like, it can't be this person. Because the person who shot Charlie Kirk would never debate him, would never go down there and speak to him, is physically and humanly incapable of doing that, just like Eric said. And so it is a tantrum. It is, you know, my three-year-old, if I say no more this or that, and then, you know, she gets upset, and she hasn't had her blood sugars low, she'll swing at me, you know, like a wild chimpanzee, just out of nowhere. And, you know, it still hurts, man. They can hit pretty hard, you know. But, you know, we obviously, we forgive three-year-olds for that behavior because they're not doing that much damage and we know that they don't have their frontal lobe developed and so they can't really prevent themselves from engaging in that, you know. Like, my two-year-old the other night just threw her whole tray of food on the floor and my wife goes, why did you do that? Do you know why you did that? And she just goes, no. And it's like, yeah, we know you don't know. We know you don't know why you did that. And I think, you know, I don't want to be like Mr. Magnanimous here, but I don't even think the kid who shot Charlie Kirk knows why he did it. You know, he confessed apparently, allegedly to his father about it. So that shows, you know, he was raised in a Christian household, in a conservative household. So he had some type of conscience about the whole thing. Like he felt he must've been reading the response and seeing how people hated him and he must have felt guilty and it must have been a sickening feeling realizing what he had done and how he had turned his foe his you know imagined foe into an even greater adversary in death and now charlie kirk is like like a white martin luther king jr you know i mean he literally is a martyr he's an american hero uh i would be okay with them starting to name streets charlie kirk boulevard like that's how that's how rapidly my opinion shifted on charlie kirk when they shot this guy but i think it's important to to hone in on the bitcoin stuff okay so like that's our unique value prop so we don't need to be like every other podcast and talk you know only exclusively about the political ends because we we know that the political machinations are you know they're kind of bullshit it's real because you have to pay attention to it and defend yourself from what's coming. But it's kind of bullshit, man. And I think that both of the worldviews are nihilistic in a deep, deep, profound, meaningful sense. I mean, I don't think that the far-right fascists have a worldview that's anything other than pain, vengeance, and retribution for the people who stole and wronged them. And I think maybe far down the line, they have this idea of a utopia, a utopia that's like, it looks like what society looked like in the 1950s. unfortunately that ship has sailed and i think the communists you know they have the same idea of vengeance and sadism sadism heavily uh and at the end of it there's some sort of a bullshit utopia those bullshit utopias aren't real okay it literally means no place in greek that's what utopia translates to i i think in bitcoin we already have the fertile soil of a sob a movement of sovereign individuals who respect each other. When you go to a Bitcoin meetup, you talk to people from all over the world. I've been to Bitcoin meetups and I've talked to people from every corner of the world with every political ideology. I've sat next to people who are hardcore anti-Semites and people who are hardcore Zionist and I've had conversations with them back to back, right? I mean, there are every type of person is represented within Bitcoin, But there's this core understanding that, you know, we first of all, we can't, you know, take from each other via violence. Like that simply is not possible. The other person has to be willing to let you, you know, take their Bitcoin. Like you can't get their Bitcoin unless they're willing to give it to you. Number one, you can't just kill them and then take it. So there's a, you know, right there, there's a element where you have to gain some form of consent over them. So you have to engage in at least some form of dialogue, even if it's blowtorching off somebody's fingertips. It's some form of consent, you know. And I don't know. I just I feel, you know, deep in my heart, I can't fully articulate all the reasons why, but I feel very deeply that we are the rebirth of the American movement, that this is the American Renaissance, that this is the new golden age. And I feel it when we're in person together. When I'm with Eric, man, me and Eric always light up when we see each other. We always get drunk together. We always get into these deep cosmic life talks. Same with Walker. Like when I see you guys, I just, you know, it's like my brothers are here. And it's not just because we're like friends on the pod. I feel this camaraderie with almost everyone in Bitcoin. It's the rare exception. Like, and you know, we're all at the vents. Everybody in Bitcoin is just a cool, normal person who, like, you know, because Walker, you watch these guys on the podcast, you think they like have some celebrity status. It's like, no, they just, they talk to everybody. Everybody talks to everybody. We have really cool, fun times at the events. It's actually honestly great. I know people don't go because they don't want to dox and opsec and all that stuff. But, like, dude, it's so refreshing to be around your people. And it's not just because we're like, oh, yeah, we're all rich. Bitcoins, we're all getting rich. We love money. That's not what it's about. It's spiritual. It's a spiritual communing that we do with each other over this optimism about the future, which we can't find in any other arena of life. And I think like deeply, like the communists and the fascists both just in a big sense want you to have a horrible life. They want you to have a miserable life and they want you to cede all your power to them. I want you, my call to you is to take your power for yourself and have a beautiful, amazing life. That's what I want for you. That's what we want for you. That's what Bitcoiners want for you. And we want to be surrounded by people that are like us. We want to be surrounded by people who feel good, who are sovereign, who have, you know, prosperity in their life, who have a feeling that they are a unique sovereign individual who can't be, they're not just a puppet, you know, on state land. They don't just exist to serve some dictator's preferences or some oligarchy's desires. They exist to serve their own needs, their own desires in this deep, meaningful, like upward trajectory of the Maslow hierarchy sense of self-actualization. And to be surrounded, let me tell you, like seriously, like to be surrounded by people like that is electric. And I think that like if we seriously get organized and begin to expand this movement, we are the third way. Like people are going to want to join. Even people who end up having smaller amounts of Bitcoin than OGs or whatever are going to want to be there just for the cultural revival. you know when like the the world needs this so much right now because both the right and left they are both nihilistic and that nihilism is it is sincerely based on there isn't a god you aren't powerful you don't have agency you aren't sovereign you need this fucked up movement of violent political power in order to protect you and to be able to implement your ideology against the enemy. Whereas we say, fuck both of those sides. You are an empowered individual through God. You with your private keys are a lone individual that is empowered against a system that hates you and wants to steal from you. And it cannot. And because of the way that we participate in a consensus together that makes sure that others can't steal you, each new individual that joins us makes our movement all the more powerful and disempowers their movement all the more. And this empowerment isn't based upon you joining our collective ideology. It's about you joining in the true prosperity of what logic is and how cryptography can allow for a total substrate of society to create a new form of law that truly is exceptional in that when you are protecting your Bitcoin using thoughtful, secure protocols, no one can steal it from you no matter what And there is no government no nation state no politician that can ever make any sort of guarantee like that to you And that why this is the beginning of a radical new movement And through that we can say it's not the Republicans that have the power to create money. It's not the Democrats. It's not the deep state. It's that no one, no one is entitled to create more money that devalues your money. But more importantly, it devalues you as a human being. That's what this entire political paradigm for the last hundred years that is called fiat is about. It is about other people getting to determine what your value is and devaluing you by revaluing their own wealth and the people close to them more than you. And we say enough of this garbage and bullshit. It's time to lateralize in such a way to say that all people everywhere are entitled to the wealth that they earn for themselves at the price that they deserve. And that once you've secured that for you that belongs to you and only you. And we want to invite as many people to join us from all cultures and walks of life. It doesn't matter if you're black or white or green or a dog or an alien or black or trans or anything. Everyone is welcomed into Bitcoin in the most radical sense, in a way that no form of political party today could guarantee in any meaningful way. I mean, we literally have fucking anonymous individuals who none of us know their real identities creating and building some of the most powerful tools that we've ever seen i mean like like almost sort of flippantly and casually like fucking jack and callie just built out tools that like are overthrowing governments now and it's fucking extraordinary because like and it's hilarious because like this returns jack all the way back to the fucking origin of twitter which was originally created as a method for people to communicate during protests But that whole thing got derailed into this. And now it's risen again like a phoenix in the form of BitChat. And people can actually collectivize and use nodes and utilize their phones in such a way that they can have this unstoppable form of communication. and again returning to sort of the original conversation we had this is all about the freedom of speech and it's when people can get together and go hey this abusive system that uses algorithms to push our buttons and make us angry and hateful and divide us it's fucking bullshit when we actually have a true open form that we can debate and discuss with each other we realize that we're all sick and tired of the forms of abuse and nihilism that have been consuming and eating all of us and that no longer do we want to tolerate being abused in this way and we do have a real answer and that answer is through bitcoin and the sort of culture that we're implementing with each other and all of the different fields of expertise that come to here and how people see that there's truly something to celebrate and create together when we can go into what it means to create a low time preference form of life that that is really what americanism is about so i'm as dark as these times are. I'm really excited for the fact that I think that this is pushing us sort of towards front and center for more people to start thinking about as a real political solution. And, you know, like not to be cringe, but I don't care about being cringe. Like Bitcoin, Bitcoin saved me. Bitcoin saved me. And not like in a biblical sense or anything like I believe in God. Right. I don't think Bitcoin saved my immortal soul. But Bitcoin saved me from the brink of nihilism because it was a practical tool that I could use to build a more beautiful future, build out the kingdom of heaven. And, you know, I bet a lot of us share that story where we felt very nihilistic, like the place that and probably we got there sooner than other people because of like a slumdog millionaire life experience thing where like we were just the anointed ones who saw it early just because just because the happenstance of of our experiences in life right like where you know if you remember the movie slumdog million there's nothing particularly interesting about this guy he's just a random indian guy who just happened to have the exact set of life experiences it's destiny right like it's destiny and i think that we saw it early and so we were able to get to bitcoin sooner and maybe other people weren't as nihilist maybe the last like 10 years of politics, which has felt so turbulent and full of turmoil, has really been about people grappling with the death of the old system. You know, because we're seeing now nihilism is ever present. Gen Z is basically almost entirely nihilistic. It's hitting the boomer generation. It's hitting the millennial generation. It's the place that we were all in, probably post great financial crisis. I was certainly in that place. After the GFC, I realized like the game was up. It was all rigged. You know, like it hit me like a shot in the heart. I remember reading some journalist who had come to one of the Bitcoin conferences, and he was talking about all of us. And he said that, do you remember the great financial crisis? Did you think maybe it was bad policy or, you know, somebody should have gone to jail for it? Not the Bitcoiners. To the Bitcoiners, the great financial crisis was the equivalent of seeing Santa Claus dragged out of the house on Christmas Eve and shot in the head in the middle of the street. And that's right. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. More like he was burned alive. Right. That's how I felt. And so we were in the nihilistic place earlier. And I think that because of that, we have a responsibility to act as shepherds and guides to other people who are just now starting to claw their way out of the nihilism. And Bitcoin is the practical tool by which they can do that. Right. And so it's like. Yeah. Yeah. Go ahead. The nihilism is really important because, like, you have to go into the thick black of night to truly question, like, is there no meaning to anything? Is there no God? Is there no reason? And so I challenged that, like, it wasn't fate that brought us here, but providence. Because through us doing that, our own quivering and shaking around the true existential dread of like, is there no God? Is there no purpose or meaning? Like, is this bullshit existence the one that we've been given to eke out to try to max out our 401ks, to work our 40-hour weeks for 40 years so that we can retire and eke out just a little bit of existence and snuff out into nothing? or is there something bigger and more meaningful? Does truth actually matter? Is there some plausible way that somehow this fucked up magic internet money thing, as stupid and as ludicrous and absurd as this idea, is there some way that this lone individual, Satoshi Nakamoto, actually cobbled together these pieces in such a way that this could actually be the solution? And a decade ago, that was a pretty fucking ludicrous principle, But because we were so driven and shaken by this existential nihilism of like, could this actually be true? We ran the shit all the way down. We kicked the tires repeatedly. And we're like, this is actually it. And we said that in spite of being in front of other people who are like, you're a fucking moron. Bitcoin could never work. It's going to go to zero. I was recounting to another friend recently about how I had a very close friend who, a brilliant man, you know, he graduated. valedictorian brown valedictorian harvard law school clerk for the supreme court brilliant man so when i was pitching him about bitcoin at 800 about how this was the most important innovation in human history was like hold up there he was like i'm just gonna say it like i'm smarter than you like sell all your bitcoin put it into s p 500 and be happy with it and the moment he said that i was like our friendship is done i didn't say that to him but i knew that and i was like look, man, like agree to disagree. Like this thing's going to the moon. It's the most important development that's happened in human history. And I really hope that you're going to think about it again. And I haven't spoken to him since. I think he's a good person, but it was, I've encountered that time and time again. And it was only through my conviction of returning to the truth as the most radical principle that I had to govern myself, that I had to be like, everyone else is wrong about this. And they're wrong because every time that I approach them about the facts and the truth about what this thing is, they always go back to some ideological bullshit or some authoritarian decree that they're somehow better than me. And that's bullshit. If they can actually debate me on its face, on principle about why I'm wrong, sure. And this returns us all the way back to what Kirk represented. Bitcoin is this thing that we need to start being forceful with other people about like, this is the fucking answer. And if it's not, prove it to me. Use dialogue. Use debate. Tell me logically about why Bitcoin is going to fail. Tell me why this isn't the answer that all peoples everywhere need. Tell me why this doesn't end the endemic exploitation of fiat, which to be clear, you fucking support. You call yourself a liberal and you support war. How fucking dare you? How dare you come to me and say that what I'm doing is wrong when you support a system that inherently props up violence? How dare you? And I'm not going to fucking stand for it anymore. And I think it's time that as Bitcoiners, we actually stand up and start pushing people and go, if you actually believe any of the fucking shit that you say, tell me why Bitcoin isn't the answer to this problem. And I think that we're going to find that through pushing that, we're going to find new and different solutions. And we're actually going to start finding that people do want to start collectivizing ourselves in a new way. And I think that there's a new form of politics to be discovered here. And like, I think it's that we need to go through state legislatures. I think that that's actually the key. We need to ignore the federal jurisdiction. And we need to start trying to empower states in a radical and new and different way that allows for us a much greater focus. And we can go state by state and essentially convert each one and then move forward. But again, this is a massive task that I'm woefully unprepared for. So I hope that there's some young charismatic individual out there who's waiting to take the baton. Did I buy a bunch of Orange Party domains right before this episode? Did I start the at the Orange Party YouTube channel right before this episode? Did I? I didn't start a new RSS feed before this episode. I didn't have enough time. but did I also start orange party pod, uh, Twitter account for this episode X, excuse me. Yes, it is. It is funny because I feel like the more, the more me and Eric are on stream together, the more we're goading each other into running triple. You guys are so close, man. You're so close. You'll be a charismatic duo would be too. I'm just saying out there. I'll be, I'll be your chief of staff. I'll be in the, you know, the one in the backgrounds. I'll be the one kneecapping people when I need to. That's what I've understood chiefs of staffs do these days. You need to have people. I mean, I need my story arc of saving California. And like I have this karmic sin of I worked for Gavin Newsom's original campaign to get him elected to mayor of San Francisco. So like I initiated his political career. So I need to help. It's your fault. It's your fault. Yeah. There's actually like a pretty decent argument that like I actually it is my fault. So I don't know, guys. like it's it's really scary but it's also a gift because like uh because i've had people ask me very directly you know they're like it seems like this stuff could actually become like very real in your personal life and those threats could find you like aren't you aren't you worried and scared for your kids and and my answer always to them is like yeah but you know what worries and scares me a lot more is a world where my kids don't have privacy there's a world where my kids have to be afraid of what they say publicly out loud because of how that backlashes on them i'm i'm much more afraid of the world that's going to be given to us if we don't do anything than the possibility of me losing my life or being attacked or whatever simply because i'm going to speak publicly and that risk to me is well worth it and furthermore like how fucking glorious right Like, as tragic as what happened to Kurt, I fucking venerate and honor and respect him. And he will go down in glory as a man in the history of America at a time when things were dark, who is courageous enough to stand up and speak truth to power. Because as I said on your Noster Post Hodel, that like, this is what the ancient Greeks called parousia, which immediately and directly translates to freedom of speech. because about being able to speak openly in a form frankly and directly to what the problems are without feeling threatened but the irony that that also that Foucault pointed out is that like if you just stand up and start speaking fucking dumb shit like you the people actually be like he actually wasted the assembly's time in enough of an idiotic way that like he's not even welcome to live here anymore like fuck him he's gone and like that's really important because like well Again, like what Kirk did repeatedly was shown that like a lot of people will stand up in a public form and start spouting off bullshit that they don't have no fucking clue about. And that's really important because it shows not only are they idiots that don't know what they're talking about, but that in them choosing to present themselves publicly, they have a full mask off moment where they realize that they're a fucking moron too. And that's really important. it's important for people to be able to stand up make themselves an idiot and then be ostracized because they what they said was fucking stupid and i welcome that and we need to welcome that because that's the only way that we're actually going to establish who has logic and who's a fucking moron yeah hey fucking man guys i've kept you for a while now um is there anything you want to say i feel there was a lot of good things said is there anything else you want to say before we close out um also yeah i would say i think yeah go ahead go ahead no i was just gonna say well oh no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no you sir no i no i was i was just gonna say okay that uh no i got it just i got it took the baton i gotta keep it i was just gonna say um listen man on the nihilism point we were there i was there eric was there walker was there we all really felt it. We were staring into the abyss, wondering if our lives had meaning, wondering if God was real, wondering if anything good was ever going to happen for us. And thinking probably that none of it was ever going to happen for us. And then somehow, some voice, something, some spark, compels you to move. Right. And I would say that whether you're a communist or a Nazi socialist or a groiper, you should listen to that voice. And we welcome all of you to Bitcoin if it compels you to move towards Bitcoin. You deserve you deserve a good life, like truly like you deserve a good life. Like, I don't know, if you're listening to this message, I don't know why you convinced yourself. I don't know why I did. I guess it all just seemed hopeless at the time. But there was a time in my life where I convinced myself that I didn't deserve anything good to happen to me. You know, I didn't deserve anything good in life. And something in me just said, that's bullshit. And it started off as like a quiet whisper. and it grew and grew the more I took ownership and responsibility and started taking positive forward action in order to change my circumstances. And that was what led me to Bitcoin, you know. And Bitcoin really did meaningfully impact my life, give me hope and optimism for the future, allow me to have a lens outside of the current political paradigm, make me quite prosperous, give me a lot of really cool friendships, intellectual discussions and debates, more meaning, more purpose, the ability to have a bigger family, the ability to have autonomy in my time, the ability to have freedom of association. Bitcoin gave me all those things. So it's a very powerful tool. and it's non-violent at its core. We're not trying to compel anybody to do anything. We're not going to force you to, you know, get Bitcoin. But we're not going to use state power against you. We just are asking for you to care about yourself. That's it. It's not even about us or Bitcoin. It's just about you.

It's interesting because as I brought up Foucault and this idea of parousia, the freedom of speech and to stand and speak publicly, Foucault actually linked this back to an idea of self-care, of that parousia is actually the greatest form of self-care that there is. And I think that that's true with Bitcoin, too, is that like this is about the most radical form of love that there is, because you're actually saying that when you labor and you choose to allocate your wealth into something that you have labored for, that this is now a medium and mode that truly belongs to you. It's the preeminent form of property. And that property is what allows you access to all the forms of material things that actually offer you life in a meaningful way. But even more importantly, it exits and goes beyond the current political system that always has methodologies to extract and rob individuals of resources. And so I think it's really important that, and again, as you pointed out, Bitcoin doesn't have any, like we don't have a law enforcement arm. There isn't anything we have here to force people into it. And furthermore, if you're someone that is exploited and is in danger or could have your money stolen from you, the fact that you can cloak yourself with a non-amendity and use the cryptographic protocol on its substrate to actually truly protect yourself using cryptography is an extremely important thing. And I want to be very clear that Bitcoin is not a right wing nor a left wing movement. It is something that is beyond and above both of those movements because it truly engages in the political once again, because this is about who do we want to be as a people in a technologically advanced future? Are we going to be people that are going to live inside a surveillance panopticon that is going to destroy the very idea of privacy itself? Or are we going to empower ourselves in such a way to use this technology to say, no, there are areas where we have God-given rights towards ourselves to be protected and to have privacy and to return to these core ideals that really are what the Constitution of America is about? And are we going to make a choice to now infuse and inject into our constitution a technologically forward viewpoint that allows for us to say, yes, it turns out that the first, second, third, fourth and fifth amendment are all enshrined in Bitcoin, that you have a right to self-custodial your own own keys and that no government has any right to try to forcibly decrypt you from that. that is going to become a preeminent thing in the future and how we're going to very much make an active choice as a peoples together to create a new future for all people. And to be important, this is why it's related back to sort of the founding fathers and the foundation of America is that like, this is the beginning of something totally new that modifies all of human history moving forward. If we get this right and can do it correctly, there will be profound ramifications that will echo throughout the centuries that are to come. And people will talk about us hundreds of years from now saying, wow, these men saw that early on how important this technology was, and were able to beat back the dark nihilism of the moment, utilizing this technology as a bright jewel that could shine for all peoples everywhere to come towards because of the new political paradigm that it implemented through cryptography and technology. So I just really want to welcome everyone. And a more important note too, is that like, if you're listening to this, you're part of a very, very small select group of people that you, like you, the dude listening to it right now, washing your dishes, who has only talked to Bitcoin, maybe in a kind of a casual way of help people. It's like you, dude, you have the responsibility to start going out in your community and actually really having these real conversations with people going, no, this isn't about money. This is about something much bigger. This is about how we can choose to solve these seemingly unsolvable political problems through a new technological methodology. And that's your responsibility. And it's going to only be through all of us who are already present here to really take the responsibility to push forward and have uncomfortable and difficult conversations with people that there's going to be days it feels like you only lose. But there's also going to be days where you talk to somebody and something clicks hard for them. And they get to change their life. And that shit pays dividends. I can't tell you how many times I've met people who came up to me and said, hey, I heard you on a podcast a couple years ago. I started stacking. The price popped hard at one point. And suddenly I had enough money that I could quit my job and start a business. And now I'm doing shit that I fucking love. And like, thanks, man. Like, there's a real possibility for you to get to have that opportunity to change somebody's life in a meaningful way. because Bitcoin is going to keep doing what it's been doing over the last decade. And as it does that, people are going to become very present to the fact that this can radically change the world in a positive way for everybody so that we don't have to look towards these nihilistic and hateful solutions and that we can actually choose to make a better future for all peoples everywhere.

I have no notes. Amen. All I'd like to say is American huddle Eric Kasin 2020 something or 2030 something orange party. It's going to happen. It is written. It is inevitable. There's nothing I can do. It's out of my hands. I appreciate both of you guys. We're going to have to work on our guy Swan. We've got to work on our guy Swan podcast voice though. You know, it's like, I know he's so, he's so good. And I'm not saying, by the way, that maybe Kaysen couldn't be the president and you can't be the VP. He's so smooth. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with VP.

We'll just do a dice roll for it. There we go. That works. That works. But, no, I appreciate you guys. Me and Eric running the executive would just be like, what's on the agenda today? We mean nothing. We're not doing shit. Fucking the state works better when it doesn't work. we're gonna we're gonna do dmt and consult with the uh we're gonna consult the aliens to see what they want to do yeah i thought they were machine elves but i'll let it slide um tell the military tell the military they get 10 bombs a year we don't care where they send them we don't yeah 10 that's it we we know they won't accept zero use them wisely use them wisely they'll kill us if we say zero just a few drone strikes just to keep them happy on that happy note i'm gonna cut this thing now appreciate you guys all right thank you gentlemen and that's a wrap on this bitcoin talk episode of the bitcoin podcast remember to subscribe to this podcast wherever you're watching or listening and share it with your friends family and strangers on the internet. Find me on Noster at primal.net slash Walker and this podcast at primal.net slash titcoin. On X, YouTube and Rumble, just search at Walker America and find this podcast on X and Instagram at titcoin podcast. Head to the show notes to grab sponsor links, head to substack.com slash at Walker America to get episodes emailed to you and head to Bitcoin podcast.net for everything else. Bitcoin is scarce, but podcasts are abundant. So thank you for spending your scarce time listening to the Bitcoin podcast. Until next time, stay free.